Preventing Same-LPAR / Same-Dataset Drag-and-Drop (#3827)
zowe/zowe-explorer-vscode: packages/zowe-explorer/CHANGELOG.md

- Fixed an issue where opening a USS file would show empty contents when an error occurred while fetching the file from the mainframe, instead of displaying an error message. [#3894](https://github.com/zowe/zowe-explorer-vscode/issues/3894)
- Fixed an issue where the Delete action in the Data Sets tree could delete a PDS member previously selected in the tree rather than the one that was right-clicked. [#3883](https://github.com/zowe/zowe-explorer-vscode/issues/3883)
- Fixed an issue where switching to a custom credential manager did not update the `imperative.json` file. [#3705](https://github.com/zowe/zowe-explorer-vscode/issues/3705)

> - Updated Zowe SDKs to version `8.27.3` to address an issue where copying a PDS member to a data set across LPARs failed. This occurred when the target PDS already contained members, but none matched the name of the PDS member being copied. [#3848](https://github.com/zowe/zowe-explorer-vscode/pull/3896)

Author: can you make sure i deleted the right one lol @t1m0thyj

- Prevented data loss by modifying the save process to handle data sets with records that exceeded the logical record length. [#3791](https://github.com/zowe/zowe-explorer-vscode/issues/3791)
- Fixed cross-LPAR PDS transfers to preserve original DCB attributes and prevent binary data corruption. Data is now transferred as binary, and the encoding is respected if previously set by the user. [#3731](https://github.com/zowe/zowe-explorer-vscode/pull/3731)
- Fixed copy/paste functionality of data sets for extender-type profiles by using `SharedContext` helper functions. [#3815](https://github.com/zowe/zowe-explorer-vscode/pull/3815)

> - Prevents drag-and-drop between profiles pointing to the same LPAR/dataset by creating a check in `DatasetTree.handleDrop` function. The operation is now blocked and an error message is shown instead; users should refresh the target profile to see any changes. [#3827](https://github.com/zowe/zowe-explorer-vscode/pull/3827)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Prevented drag-and-drop between profiles pointing to the same LPAR/data set by creating a check in the `DatasetTree.handleDrop` function. The operation is now blocked and an error message displays instead; users should refresh the target profile to see changes. [#3827](https://github.com/zowe/zowe-explorer-vscode/pull/3827)
```
